+++
date = '2025-03-16T20:35:11-05:00'
draft = false
+++

## WTF is esacteksab

There are two types of people (you haven't heard this joke before), those who
ask "WTF is esacteksab?" and those who state "You know that's basketcase
backwards, right?" like somehow I didn't know what I was doing.

### Why this site?

I'm digging back into tinkering and that's taking place on
[GitHub](https://github.com/esacteksab), under the `esacteksab` org. I need/want
a place to host docs for projects and will do so with subdomains
`$project.esacteksab.com`. Otherwise this site will remain empty and relatively
unchanged. My personal blog continues to exist at
[barrymorrison.com](https://barrymorrison.com).

### Origin Story `esacteksab`

Early 2000's'ish I was attending my first VMworld and I signed up for Twitter
(it was called Twitter back in my day...) on my _terrible_ Blackberry while
waiting in line. Stuck my phone back in my pocket to not look at Twitter again.
Fastforward to the following year's VMworld, I go to sign back into Twitter and
_basketcase_ isn't working for a username. :confused: Poke at it, jiggle the
handle, I finally determined that I fat-fingered 'basketcase' when I signed up.
I thought "No big deal, I'll just sign up again.". Nope! _basketcase_ was taken.
Quite a few people knew me online as 'basketcase' so I knew I wanted a play on
it, I was going through a _phase_ and decided to type it backwards. Fastforward
almost 20 years, and the name has stuck.

### Origin Story `basketcase`

If you're curious about `basketcase` before `esacteksab`. I've been a _car guy_
my entire life. Even earlier 2000's'ish, I bought a car and brought it home on a
trailer. Inside that car was about 8 boxes of parts the previous owner had taken
off, but not put back on. It was _very_ much a project. Those around me in real
life called the project a _basketcase_. And _basketcase_ was born.

_p.s. this also gives me a space to test out my first Hugo theme
[simpl](https://github.com/esacteksab/simpl)_.
